[DOC] clarify the config for mounting secrets as volumes (#3492)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/proc-kafka-connect-mounting-volumes.adoc

  name: mysecret
type: Opaque
stringData:
  connector.properties: |- <1>
    dbUsername: my-user <2>
    dbPassword: my-password
----
<1> The connector configuration in properties file format.

> <2> Database _username_ and _password_ properties used in the configuration.

Author: Not really. Removed.

. Create or edit the Kafka Connect resource.
+

> Configure the configuration provider in the `config` section and the `externalConfiguration` section of the `KafkaConnect` or `KafkaConnectS2I` custom resource to reference the secret.

Reviewer: This sentence is quite tdifficult to parse! You could change it as follows:

In the `config` section and the `externalConfiguration` section of the `KafkaConnect` or `KafkaConnectS2I` custom resource, configure the configuration provider to reference the secret.

spec:
  # ...
  config:

>     config.providers: file <1>

Reviewer 2: is there a kind of list of supported config providers somewhere @tombentley ?

Reviewer 2: So I think that we should explain that in the examples as you highlight that `config.providers` defines an alias and you have to use that alias in the `config.proviers.${alias}.class` parameter. Tbh it was not clear to me.

Reviewer 2: @PaulRMellor ^^

Author: @ppatierno - how about:

> <1> The alias for the configuration provider, which is used to define other configuration properties. 
> Use a comma-separated list if you want to add more than one provider.
> <2> The `FileConfigProvider` is the configuration provider that provides values from properties files.
> The property uses the alias from `config.providers`, taking the form `config.providers.${alias}.class`.

    config.providers.file.class: org.apache.kafka.common.config.provider.FileConfigProvider <2>
  #...
  externalConfiguration:
    volumes:
      - name: connector-config <3>
        secret:
          secretName: mysecret <4>
----

> <1> The name of the configuration provider. Use a comma-separted list for more than one provider.

Reviewer 3: Right now it's only really possible to use the `FileConfigProvider`, but let's keep the 2nd sentence in anticipation of  KIP-632.

Author: Thanks for clarifying Tom. I changed to:

<1> The alias for the configuration provider. Use a comma-separated list if you want to add more than one provider.

Let me know if you think we need to add more.

> <2> The `FileConfigProvider` class used by the configuration provider to access the properties file.

Reviewer 3: It's not _used by_ the provider, it _is_ the provider.

```suggestion
<2> The `FileConfigProvider` is a configuration provider which provides values from properties files.
```

<3> The name of the volume containing the Secret.
<4> The name of the Secret.

. Apply the changes to your Kafka Connect deployment.
+
[source,shell,subs=+quotes]
kubectl apply -f _KAFKA-CONNECT-CONFIG-FILE_

. Configure your connector
* If you are using the Kafka Connect HTTP REST interface, use the values from the mounted properties file in your JSON payload with connector configuration.
For example:
+
[source,json,subs="attributes+"]
----
{
   "name":"my-connector",
   "config":{
      "connector.class":"MyDbConnector",
      "tasks.max":"3",
      "database": "my-postgresql:5432",
      "username":"${file:/opt/kafka/external-configuration/connector-config/connector.properties:dbUsername}", <1>
      "password":"${file:/opt/kafka/external-configuration/connector-config/connector.properties:dbPassword}", <2>
      # ...
   }
}
----

> <1> Path to the username property value. The path takes the form `/opt/kafka/external-configuration/_SECRET-VOLUME-NAME_/_PROPERTIES-FILENAME:USERNAME-VALUE_`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Path to the username property value. The path takes the form `/opt/kafka/external-configuration/_SECRET-VOLUME-NAME_/_PROPERTIES-FILENAME:USERNAME-PROPERTY_`.
```

> <2> Path to the password property value. The path takes the form `/opt/kafka/external-configuration/_SECRET-VOLUME-NAME_/_PROPERTIES-FILENAME:PASSWORD-VALUE_`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<2> Path to the password property value. The path takes the form `/opt/kafka/external-configuration/_SECRET-VOLUME-NAME_/_PROPERTIES-FILENAME:PASSWORD-PROPERTY_`.
```
